Fix & add notes regarding problematic language in codebase (#6903)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-build.1.md

   Create a bind mount. If you specify, ` -v /HOST-DIR:/CONTAINER-DIR`, Podman
   bind mounts `/HOST-DIR` in the host to `/CONTAINER-DIR` in the Podman

>    container. The `OPTIONS` are a comma delimited list and can be: <sup>[[1]](#Footnote1)</sup>

Reviewer: Does this work in the man page?

Author: yep, shows up as just [1]

May 2018, Minor revisions added by Joe Doss <joe@solidadmin.com>

December 2017, Originally compiled by Tom Sweeney <tsweeney@redhat.com>

## FOOTNOTES

> <a name="Footnote1">1</a>: The Podman project is committed to inclusivity, a core value of open source. The `master` and `slave` mount propagation terminology used here is problematic and divisive, and should be changed. However, these terms are used in the Linux kernel and must be used as-is. When the kernel maintainers rectify this usage, Podman will suit immediately.

Reviewer: Last line make no sense to me?

Podman will follow suit immediately
Or 
Podman will update to use the new kernel terminology.

> <a name="Footnote1">1</a>: The Podman project is committed to inclusivity, a core value of open source. The `master` and `slave` mount propagation terminology used here is problematic and divisive, and should be changed. However, these terms are used in the Linux kernel and must be used as-is. When the kernel maintainers rectify this usage, Podman will follow suit immediately.

Reviewer 2: For considertation.  If taken here, please use elsewhere.
```suggestion
<a name="Footnote1">1</a>: The Podman project is committed to inclusivity, a core value of open source. The `master` and `slave` mount propagation terminology used here is problematic and divisive and should be changed. However, these terms are currently used within the Linux kernel and must be used as-is at this time. When the kernel maintainers rectify this usage, Podman will follow suit immediately.
```

> <a name="Footnote1">1</a>: Podman is committed to inclusivity, a core value of open source. The `master` and `slave` mount propagation terminology used here is problematic and divisive, and should be changed. However, this terminology is used in the Linux kernel, and is only here for compatibility. Podman will change this as soon as new and better terminology is available in the kernel.

Reviewer 3: However, these terms are used in the Linux kernel and must be used as-is.  When the kernel maintainers rectify this usage, Podman will suit immediately.

??? wdyt?

Author: sgtm
